Documentation/gpu/vc4.rst, before:

=====================================
 drm/vc4 Broadcom VC4 Graphics Driver
=====================================

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_drv.c
   :doc: Broadcom VC4 Graphics Driver

Display Hardware Handling
=========================

This section covers everything related to the display hardware including
the mode setting infrastructure, plane, sprite and cursor handling and
display, output probing and related topics.

Pixel Valve (DRM CRTC)
----------------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_crtc.c
   :doc: VC4 CRTC module

HVS
---

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_hvs.c
   :doc: VC4 HVS module.

HVS planes
----------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_plane.c
   :doc: VC4 plane module

HDMI encoder
------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_hdmi.c
   :doc: VC4 Falcon HDMI module

DSI encoder
-----------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_dsi.c
   :doc: VC4 DSI0/DSI1 module

DPI encoder
-----------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_dpi.c
   :doc: VC4 DPI module

VEC (Composite TV out) encoder
------------------------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_vec.c
   :doc: VC4 SDTV module

Memory Management and 3D Command Submission
===========================================

This section covers the GEM implementation in the vc4 driver.

GPU buffer object (BO) management
---------------------------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_bo.c
   :doc: VC4 GEM BO management support

V3D binner command list (BCL) validation
----------------------------------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_validate.c
   :doc: Command list validator for VC4.

V3D render command list (RCL) generation
----------------------------------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_render_cl.c
   :doc: Render command list generation

Shader validator for VC4
---------------------------
.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_validate_shaders.c
   :doc: Shader validator for VC4.

V3D Interrupts
--------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_irq.c
   :doc: Interrupt management for the V3D engine

Commit message:

Documentation: gpu: vc4: Add KUnit Tests Section
commit  f1ac08f29dd9e2b445418e395d8f4fbd3c0a08bd from
https://github.com/raspberrypi/linux.git rpi-6.2.y

Now that we have VC4-specific tests in place, let's document them
properly.

Signed-off-by: Maxime Ripard <maxime@cerno.tech>
Signed-off-by: Meng Li <Meng.Li@windriver.com>

Documentation/gpu/vc4.rst, after:

=====================================
 drm/vc4 Broadcom VC4 Graphics Driver
=====================================

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_drv.c
   :doc: Broadcom VC4 Graphics Driver

Display Hardware Handling
=========================

This section covers everything related to the display hardware including
the mode setting infrastructure, plane, sprite and cursor handling and
display, output probing and related topics.

Pixel Valve (DRM CRTC)
----------------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_crtc.c
   :doc: VC4 CRTC module

HVS
---

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_hvs.c
   :doc: VC4 HVS module.

HVS planes
----------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_plane.c
   :doc: VC4 plane module

HDMI encoder
------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_hdmi.c
   :doc: VC4 Falcon HDMI module

DSI encoder
-----------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_dsi.c
   :doc: VC4 DSI0/DSI1 module

DPI encoder
-----------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_dpi.c
   :doc: VC4 DPI module

VEC (Composite TV out) encoder
------------------------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_vec.c
   :doc: VC4 SDTV module

KUnit Tests
===========

The VC4 Driver uses KUnit to perform driver-specific unit and
integration tests.

These tests are using a mock driver and can be ran using the
command::
	./tools/testing/kunit/kunit.py run \
		--kunitconfig=drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/tests/.kunitconfig \
		--cross_compile aarch64-linux-gnu- --arch arm64

Parts of the driver that are currently covered by tests are:
 * The HVS to PixelValve dynamic FIFO assignment, for the BCM2835-7
   and BCM2711.

Memory Management and 3D Command Submission
===========================================

This section covers the GEM implementation in the vc4 driver.

GPU buffer object (BO) management
---------------------------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_bo.c
   :doc: VC4 GEM BO management support

V3D binner command list (BCL) validation
----------------------------------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_validate.c
   :doc: Command list validator for VC4.

V3D render command list (RCL) generation
----------------------------------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_render_cl.c
   :doc: Render command list generation

Shader validator for VC4
---------------------------
.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_validate_shaders.c
   :doc: Shader validator for VC4.

V3D Interrupts
--------------

.. kernel-doc:: drivers/gpu/drm/vc4/vc4_irq.c
   :doc: Interrupt management for the V3D engine
